Added steps for students to look back on when they commit to remote repos (#23)
introcompsys/fall2022: faq/github.md

# Git and GitHub

<!--
````{toggle}

````
 -->
 ## Git Steps for Pushing to Your Remote Repository
````{toggle}
Follow these steps to push to your remote repository:
- ```git checkout main```: to switch to main branch
- ```git pull```: to make sure your main branch is up to date before creating a new branch off main
- ```git checkout -b <new branch name>```: to create a new branch and to switch to it
  - Make your branch names meaningful! This helps both you and us know what is happening on the branch
  - For example:
    - A meaningful name would be ```2022-09-17-prepare``` or ```2022-09-17-deeper-exploration```
- ```git status```: to see what files will be committed
- ```git add <file>```: do this for each file that needs to be added
- ```git commit -m "commit message"```: to commit your changes/additions with a meaningful message
- ```git push```: if the branch is already on Github

>   - If not, you may need to do ```git push --set-upstream origin <branch name>``` followed by ```git push```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If not, you may need to do ```git push --set-upstream origin <branch name>``` 
```

Reviewer: thispushes and links

> Now check your Github to make sure everything is there. Don't forget to create a pull request and add us as "Reviewers" when you are ready for the work to be reviewed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now check your repository in your browser to make sure everything is there. Don't forget to create a pull request and add us as "Reviewers" when you are ready for the work to be reviewed. 
```
